Add missing parameters (#11252)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Set-CsTeamsEventsPolicy.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowedQuestionTypesInRegistrationForm

> This setting governs which users in a tenant can add which registration form questions to event registration page for attendees to answer when registering for the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting governs which users in a tenant can add which registration form questions to an event registration page for attendees to answer when registering for the event.

```

Possible values are:
DefaultOnly, DefaultAndPredefinedOnly, AllQuestions.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowedTownhallTypesForRecordingPublish

> This setting describes how IT Admins can control which types of townhall can have their recordings published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting describes how IT admins can control which types of Town Hall attendees can have their recordings published.

```

Possible values are:
None, InviteOnly, EveryoneInCompanyIncludingGuests, Everyone.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowedWebinarTypesForRecordingPublish

> This setting describes how IT Admins can control which types of webinars can have their recordings published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting describes how IT admins can control which types of webinar attendees can have their recordings published.

```

Possible values are:
None,InviteOnly,EveryoneInCompanyIncludingGuests,Everyone.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowEventIntegrations

> This setting governs the access to the integrations tab in event creation workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting governs access to the integrations tab in the event creation workflow.

```

Possible values
true, false.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TownhallChatExperience

> This setting governs if the user can enable Comment Stream chat experience for Townhalls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting governs whether the user can enable the Comment Stream chat experience for Town Halls.

```

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowedQuestionTypesInRegistrationForm
This setting governs which users in a tenant can add which registration form questions to an event registration page for attendees to answer when registering for the event.

Possible values are:
DefaultOnly, DefaultAndPredefinedOnly, AllQuestions.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowedTownhallTypesForRecordingPublish
This setting describes how IT admins can control which types of Town Hall attendees can have their recordings published.

Possible values are:
None, InviteOnly, EveryoneInCompanyIncludingGuests, Everyone.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowedWebinarTypesForRecordingPublish
This setting describes how IT admins can control which types of webinar attendees can have their recordings published.

Possible values are:

> None,InviteOnly,EveryoneInCompanyIncludingGuests,Everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None, InviteOnly, EveryoneInCompanyIncludingGuests, Everyone.

```
